Transform tables into definition lists (#15480)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/insertadjacenttext/index.md

### Exceptions

- `SyntaxError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the `position` specified is not a recognized value.

Reviewer: Not introduced by you, but `position` here should be `where` to match the param name (or the param name should be changed).

```suggestion
  - : Thrown if `where` is not a recognized value.
```
